{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green72\blue186;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18800\viewh11960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Reflection paper on The Medium Is The Message\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\b0 \cf2 \
When I first read 'The Medium Is the Message' I remember it being quite strange and I couldn't completely realize the purpose of it. But once we started our project 'Mu', I realized how much each and every stage of the work is important for conveying the message. We started off with trying to find a perfect material, a perfect location and a perfect form shape for our project. Initially, yes, I was slightly confused as to how it is important. But once we set off, I realized the effect of using cardboard instead of lanterns, the effect of an indoor wall as opposed to the open space that we used, etc. It's not just the content that affects what you perceive or feel; the medium used to convey is also extremely important. In our case, I think more than the content, the message of pure nothingness was conveyed through the medium of lanterns, structures and the open and natural space. Similarly we used the medium of sound and sight to add profound depth and understanding to our concept. As mentioned in the reading, people seldom notice the influence of the medium. The case provided about the electric bulb and light was quite impressive according to me. It was exactly the sort of thing most of us would never have noticed before. Personally, I think it is a talent to distinguish the effects of medium from that of the content in putting across a message. In fact, I was exceptionally happy when I was able to analyze and realize how much one is deceived into thinking that content is the only messenger of meaning.\
\

\b Reflection paper on New Media From Borges to HTML
\b0 \
\
Lev Manovich's scrutiny of the new and growing relationship between art and technology in "New Media from Borges to HTML" is quite interesting and enlightening. Art has generally been associated with paper, craft work, canvas and the like. However the new media, electronic media, has widely disseminated \'a0its way through the field of art. It took quite some time to grow into the phenomenon it is today. However, it has become a creator, safe keeper, transporter, converter, displayer and much more for art. Just like how our project's foundations have mostly been in the digital world (Processing, VPT, Video encoders, etc.) the nature of art has almost completely and fundamentally changed. The only concern of this development is that, just like how new "poets" appear every day through blogs, irrespective of their ability, "artists" will also start appearing every other second in different parts of the world through the world wide web and this can result in a general fall in standard of what is perceived as art.\'a0\
For eg: One key aspect in our project was transcoding, which we used for converting from one form of output (code output) to the other (video) during projection.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
Key to my Tumblr Page :\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tumblr.com/blog/ajn-ignitit"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.tumblr.com/blog/ajn-ignitit}}\
Key to my newly made OpenProcessing page :\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.openprocessing.org/user/18409"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.openprocessing.org/user/18409}}\
}